Ali songs
my hand experience
all this in the spa
and brighter
i suddenly
at
all of you who are with me porridge
this
me at night
we twisted it
where am jim what
woman
i have a mojito
and
Sveta
but
theme
greeting for everyone
glad if
tail
already doing
suddenly
mitts
tags
the sky
USA
Akishin
this
and 7
but
teach
and
but
what
will close
these
on
and thank you for being and let's
let's call here and Greek people all his
family today he is not one to
congratulate his anniversary we all love
very respected and you are really that
the man who does so much today
for all Russian show business
let's go to loud applause and
bitterness steep and go through all his family
here to us rather
cakes
even u will have it all
come on man
we
Igor, I want to give you a microphone
the only one who knows exactly where this
everything evolves you stood at the origins
you created both premium and channel pavement
many people who have performed today
thank you very much well
the anniversary will be July 29th not in advance
congratulations but congratulations I accepted
thank you thank you why did I leave with
family because in all my success 99
percent
the merits of my family this son is what
wife and not yet the oldest daughter who
preparing for marriage and her young
man is sitting here so we have a very
many events this year thank you
great for the congratulation is still important that
some kind of congratulations like
as if the 80th anniversary and I generally feel
also kid and acting somehow
composer god forbid another walk
any anniversary god will give thanks